Assignment 1

 1)   what is cloud ?

 ans: cloud is nothing but the use of remote services on the internet to store ,
      manage and process data rather than a local server or personal computer.
      cloud computing is nothing but the virtual machine not a physical one,
      we can access that from anywhere at any time without any  restrictions
      and with extra features as compare to our physical computer.cloud data 
      center's are present all over the world so the user and companies data have to manage there data physically,
      and By using cloud computing, users and companies don't have to manage physical servers themselves or run software applications on their own machines. 
      

 2)    why cloud ?

 ans : 1)because cloud is highly reliable 
       2)cheaper in cost
       3)no electricity charges are required
       4)provides full security
       5)space saving and portable also, and it is very easy to use.


  3)    what are the types of cloud ?

  ans : Depending on the type of data you’re working with, 
        you’ll want to compare public, private, and hybrid clouds in terms of the different levels of security and management required.

       1. Public Cloud – Whole computing infrastructure is located on the premises of a cloud computing company,
                         that offers the cloud service.

       2. Private Cloud – Hosting all your computing infrastructure yourself and is not shared.
                          The security and control level is highest while using a private network.

       3. Hybrid Cloud – using both private and public clouds, depending on their purpose. 
                         You host your most important applications on your own servers to keep them more secure and secondary applications elsewhere.

  4)    what is aws?

  ans : aws is nothing but amazon web services which is a one of the worlds largest cloud platform 
        aws is now a days worlds no. one cloud platform it occupies  31% of cloud market single handedly.
        In layman's term we can say aws is a secure cloud servicing platform,offering compute power , 
        database storage,content delivery and other funcationality to help business scale and grow.

  5)    what is ec2?

  ans : ec2 is nothing but the one of the computing services provided by aws,
        ec2 is an abbriviation for elastic cloud compute in which you can create your own personal vitual computer with any specification you want
        user can use any operating system and can get specification according to their needs and they can also make changes in that we can install         apps also
        its nothing but a raw server having the resizebal computing capacity in the cloud ,which can be custamize according to your need.



Que 6:-What is servicevces provided by Cloud computing?
Ans:-1.Amazon Web Services.
     2.Kamatera.
     3.Cloudways.
     4.DigitalOcean.
     5.Rackspace.
     6.MassiveGrid.
     7.Alibaba Cloud.
     8.LiquidWeb.
     9.Microsoft Azure.
     10.Google Cloud Platform.
